[Terraform] Add extra configurations (#4310)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/terraform/_partials/_delete-existing-rulesets.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
---

Terraform assumes that it has complete control over account and zone rulesets. Before you can start configuring your account and zone using Terraform, you must delete existing rulesets (any ruleset with `kind: root` or `kind: zone` at the account and zone level, respectively), and then recreate them using Terraform.

> To find existing entry point rulesets, use the API operations described in [List existing rulesets](/ruleset-engine/rulesets-api/view/#list-existing-rulesets), for the account and zone levels. To delete existing rulesets, use the API operations described in [Delete ruleset](/ruleset-engine/rulesets-api/delete/#delete-ruleset), for the account and zone levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find existing entry point rulesets, use the API operations described in [List existing rulesets](/ruleset-engine/rulesets-api/view/#list-existing-rulesets). To delete existing rulesets, use the API operations described in [Delete ruleset](/ruleset-engine/rulesets-api/delete/#delete-ruleset). You will need to delete rulesets at both the account and zone levels.
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if users need to delete both account and zone level rulesets or only one of them. Above we say "Before you can start configuring your account and zone using Terraform"...

Author: The safest bet is to delete rulesets in both scopes. I'll check if we can eventually delete rulesets in just one of the scopes, but this is not a blocking issue.

Reviewer 2: you can do either; all is the safest bet but if you know what you're doing, go the single route. 

the provider prompts specifically for this now and tries to handle the collision automatically but there are still cases where we need manual intervention.

Author: Thanks @jacobbednarz !
I'll add that note in another sentence.

Reviewer 2: for reference, https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare/pull/1393 is the PR in case you were curious what/how it actually worked.
